(One Night Two Days)
(Yuchi-ri)
(One Night Two Days and "Invincible Youth")
(Three teams go off to help the locals.)
(Dong Gu and Yu Ra harvest chives.)
(Joon Ho and Narsha plant napa cabbage.)
(The other three teams...)
(won a blank check thanks to Chae Yeon.)
We did it.
(They went on a shopping spree...)
(and had the time of their lives.)
Do you know when Shin Young will be back?
We're back.
- Here.
- You're quite late.
- Didn't you go shopping?
- Hold on.
- We're back.
You need to be fit to have fun.
He won me this!
I see.
You must've had fun.
(Joon Ho had fun at the cabbage field.)
- Here.
- Thanks.
I guess we should apologize first.
(Tae Hyun suddenly apologizes.)
- So what did you do?
- We stayed behind...
and played a game where...
we flung bottle caps across the table.
- Chae Yeon...
- Ms. Chae Yeon.
She won five dollars twice.
No, once.
- Wait.
- No, twice.
(They know what Tae Hyun's up to.)
We asked for another chance...
in exchange for five dollars.
She took that opportunity...
and flushed it down the drain.
(What?)
(Candid Camera is back!)
(Defconn's on board.)
(The others can't keep
their face straight.)
How much did you win then?
Well, we had 15 dollars.
Yes, and we took photos for five dollars.
What? Say that again.
Just think about it.
We could only afford ramyeon.
That's more than enough!
We bought enough.
We bought 12 with 10 dollars.
I could've won us a blank check,
but the bottle cap just kept on rolling.
I smell makgeolli on your breath.
Don't be absurd.
- Makgeolli...
- We only had one bottle.
Hold on a second.
(She pretends to have not drunk any.)
As an apology, hand them each a photo.
I'll take one with your face cut out.
So you're saying you had fun by yourselves.
- Oh, please.
- That's not the case.
There was nothing we could buy anyway.
- Why not?
- Hold on.
You could've bought apples.
Not enough though.
- Tteokbokki.
- Cucumber and gochujang.
- That's right.
- It was five dollars,
but we had to take a picture.
- The sticker photo...
- But we did hard labor.
We worked all afternoon.
You should be put to
trial for what you did.
- I mean...
- How can you say that...
- when it's her photo?
- This is embezzlement.
- Of course.
- You can have her photo.
That is a deal breaker.
(That does change everything.)
- We should give him one.
- See?
- Unbelievable.
- Narsha, stop frowning.
- My back hurts.
- Gosh.
Isn't there any dinner then?
Can we at least eat something?
Ramyeon is our best dish anyway.
We bought 12 packets of ramyeon...
and five packs of instant rice.
- Aren't there eight?
- It's not enough.
Can't you see how many there are?
But there's...
Isn't that enough though?
We won't eat as much then.
You shouldn't...
- eat so much then.
- I'll only eat half.
It's settled then.
You promised that you wouldn't eat.
- We won't eat much.
- Only a little.
We're sorry, so we won't eat as much.
- Okay?
- Let's go.
(Sound of insects...)
(fills the moonlit sky.)
When is Shin Young getting back?
It's like I sent my wife away.
Why would you call her that?
Did you ask about Shin Young?
- But...
- Where's the ramyeon?
(Joon Ho first checks the ramyeon.)
(There are only a few.)
I only see five packets!
Are there only five?
Did we only buy five?
Of course we didn't.
(It's as if he lost his whole world.)
- You're kidding.
- What's going on?
- I'm sure there's more.
- Right.
- Is this really it?
- What else did you do?
- We'll skip dinner.
- I bet they already ate.
- Tell me.
We're sorry.
What was it? Was it sundae?
We ate only what the locals gave us.
- How could you?
- Did you buy the food?
No, the locals gave it to us.
- Then...
- It wasn't our plan.
We only ate sundae.
Where did all the money go then?
Is that all you can buy with 10 dollars?
Like I said, we took photos,
but the first batch came out wrong.
(No one can look as devastated.)
- We worked so hard.
- Since we're sorry,
we'll serve you dinner tonight.
- Let's sit first.
- Right.
- Sure.
- Have a seat.
Let's sit for now.
Can we have another pot for them?
How could you possibly think of eating too?
(Joon Ho took the bait.)
- Are you kidding me?
- You must be joking.
- Come on.
- Are you kidding me?
- Look at Joon Ho.
- I'm only asking.
I'm sorry, but we already ate a lot.
Are you serious?
But we worked hard while you were gone.
What did you do at the market then?
What did you eat right off the bat?
- Tell us.
- We heard that...
the market is famous for its buckwheat.
- Buckwheat?
- We ate buckwheat crepe.
- Really?
- Yes, and noodles.
It's only four dollars.
We also ate sundae and makgeolli.
- Gyeong Ree wanted to.
- Sundae and makgeolli.
- What?
- That's quite a lot.
When did you take the photos then?
- Well...
- When we were full.
- That's right.
- When you were full?
(They're dumbfounded.)
But despite all that, you
wanted to eat with us.
I should've known better.
Defconn, take that.
- So that's that.
- Right.
You could've at least bought some flour.
Can't you let us have some flour?
Thank you.
They're giving us flour.
Are you going to cook then?
Narsha, you genuinely look angry.
Your guess is right.
- Let's write it here.
- I'm infuriated.
Lastly, Chae Yeon wants to say something.
- What is it?
- Are you hungry too?
We'll cook dinner for you.
- Right.
- Sure.
Go ahead.
(Yes, cook us ramyeon.)
Narsha, don't look so angry.
(Is it that obvious?)
Is this it?
We should have some pork.
- Let's have some food.
- Yes!
(This is what we bought!)
There's more.
- What's all that?
- See?
There's more.
There's a lot.
There's a lot of food.
(A lot of rice, ingredients, and fruit)
(They even have huge portions of meat.)
Did you buy all of this?
Truth be told, Chae Yeon...
won us a blank check.
- Really?
- Are you serious?
Now stop frowning already.
- Is this for real?
- We were lying all along.
(Then let's applaud!)
- Chae Yeon, Chae Yeon.
- Go, Chae Yeon.
- Show them.
- Guys!
- Really?
Take a look at this!
(A round of applause)
Here you go!
(This is for real.)
We bought 200 dollars worth of beef.
(She can't hide her smile.)
- Yes!
- You fooled us.
- I know.
- It was a surprise.
- I was furious.
- Me too.
Narsha stated that she was furious.
That you should air.
(She's sorry and embarrassed.)
I was irritated since it was our dinner.
- Of course.
- We had so much money...
that we ate sundae for the fun of it.
- Sure.
- Of course.
That you should eat.
What Chae Yeon wants, you should have.
You're the best.
The ending was dramatic thanks to her.
It was nothing but dramatic.
That's right.
Could you rinse the lettuce for us?
Of course.
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
There's one more.
- Really?
- We only need one.
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
(Laughing triumphantly)
- Rinse the lettuce.
- Are you that happy?
Of course.
- He hates helping out.
- But I'm the lady here.
- I'm sorry.
- That and the ramyeon.
This is unexpected. I really thought...
- you had ate.
- How could we?
Defconn, I'm sorry about earlier.
You should be deeply sorry.
Anyway, Chae Yeon said
we should have a feast.
I trust you on the grill!
Yu Ra, this is your favorite.
I'm so happy right now.
Chae Yeon, we owe you.
I sure will sleep well tonight.
I wouldn't have if I were angry.
Should we rinse all of these?
- Right?
- Let's rinse...
- these first.
- Let's empty this.
This should do it.
(The rinsed lettuce goes in the pot.)
Are we going to boil this instead?
No, we're grilling it.
(They're all busy getting
ready for dinner.)
Everyone's hungry.
You're all doing great.
You're really good at this.
Give her a round of applause.
(What's going on?)
They're making up for not doing anything.
Sometimes it's best to stay out of the way.
He's right about that.
(They're just goofing around.)
- These too?
- Yes.
(They're doing great.)
We have dongchimi.
Are you serious?
Joon Ho, look at this.
- What's that?
- Jeon.
Like this.
Are you really going to eat alone?
There's only 2. We only bought 2.
You sure bought a lot.
What's this you have?
(Every man for himself)
- Can we eat this?
- Of course.
- Let's move this.
- Chae Yeon did it all.
- My gosh.
- This is amazing.
It's really good.
- Well...
- Why aren't you helping?
I'm the supervisor.
In a way, I'm the conductor.
(Maestro Joon Ho)
Ha Ra on the dongchimi.
(Ha Ra, dongchimi!)
(It's like she's following Joon Ho's lead.)
Narsha on dish cleaning.
(Narsha, dish cleaning!)
(They wash the lettuce leaves.)
Watch this.
Defconn, grill!
(Defconn grills.)
The pork looks amazing.
(Pork is spread out on the pan.)
Who are you? What are you in charge of?
I'm the assistant.
See how I don't miss anything?
(I'm not goofing around.)
Can I taste that?
- Did you buy that too?
- This.
- Have you tried it?
- No, I haven't.
It's so good.
(Delicious!)
- Is it good?
- Yes.
It's so good!
- Chae Yeon made it.
- Three cheers for her!
- Hurrah.
- Hurrah!
- Chae Yeon, hurrah!
- Yes!
- Good job.
I'm watching you, so don't you slack off.
(They all pitch in.)
Like this.
- Isn't it good?
- Jong Min.
- I'm feeding the workers.
- He's feeding the others.
- I'm over here though.
Do you want some too?
Jong Min, I'm over here.
(Sweating)
Why aren't you paying her more attention?
You're her partner.
I've known her for a long time.
- Why ignore me?
- I really wasn't.
I like how the pork is nice and thick.
Can I try some?
They're not ready yet.
They're ready enough.
If I grill them more, they'll burn.
Really? Don't we need sauce?
Is that so?
- That's right.
- How about this?
I just made it.
- Okay.
- Minced garlic with...
- gochujang and doenjang.
- Are they ready?
All right then.
Something tastes delicious!
I bet it's this.
- Really?
- Try some.
I see you're not new to cooking.
Ssamjang tastes great this way.
- Did you just make this?
- Of course.
(Doenjang, gochujang, and minced garlic)
(Pour in sugar.)
(Drizzle in tasty sesame oil.)
(Made by Yu Ra)
- It's so good.
- Really?
Yes. I love how it's balanced.
What are you up to now?
They're taking longer than expected.
Here?
- See what they're up to.
- Sure.
Isn't this too much?
(Are they only eating chilies?)
Are we going to grill these?
- Right.
- Here.
I think these are enough.
(They wrap it up as Joon Young suggests.)
Let's go.
Are the chilies any good?
They're good.
(The youngest busily sets
the table with food.)
What about the kimchi jjigae?
- Are we 12 people?
- Yes.
A table for 12.
Thanks to the ladies, we're having a feast.
- I know.
- Everything's better.
We never set the table this neatly.
(The dinner table is set
with hard work and love.)
Look at the color on these.
(Golden-brown and
mouthwatering samgyeopsal)
- A lot are new.
- We should eat these.
- What now?
- He's making ramyeon.
- Jong Min.
- Can I shut this?
It's really good.
- We should eat already.
- Right.
- Come on.
- Can we eat?
My gosh.
(Defconn's samgyeopsal
and Yu Ra's ssamjang)
The meat.
It's really delicious.
(She eats the same combination as well.)
Now the kimchi.
(Why bother describing the taste?)
(She drinks cool dongchimi juice.)
(My gosh)
That's good.
What about it?
(Her eyes lit up.)
- Unbelievable.
- Coming up next is beef.
(2nd round is beef.)
(Darn!)
- It came.
- What came?
My love for meat.
(His love for meat is back.)
Guys, try some beef.
(Gyeong Ree arrives with a wrap.)
- Defconn.
- Where's the garlic?
- Are you kidding me?
- It's the least I can do.
- That's hot.
- It's delicious.
- Have some more.
- It's really good.
(He never leaves his post by the stove.)
(Whether others eat pork or beef, )
(he only cares about the kimchi jjigae.)
(Is this not it?)
Dong Gu, here you go.
Thanks.
(Gyeong Ree's special service)
Here's one for slacking off today.
Thanks.
There you go.
(The brat always gets one more.)
- Smile.
- It's a bit greasy.
Don't you agree?
Ha Ra and Narsha don't look angry anymore.
(Smiling)
- You two startled me.
- They seem happier now.
We were pulling your legs too.
That's right.
We're not that mean.
How's the meat?
- Good.
- Is it good?
- It's great.
- It's good meat.
- Have some beef too.
- Beef?
Don't you guys never get to eat?
- This is a 1st for us.
- Yes, a 1st.
- The beef is delicious.
- Isn't it?
- Really?
- Who wants a big piece?
- A big piece.
- Me!
- Me.
- It's this big.
- I give up.
- Me.
- Eat it as it is.
- Here.
- Let me.
- I can eat it.
- Really?
- There's more.
Look at this.
- That I can eat.
- Really?
Come and join us.
The piece needs to be big
to enjoy the texture.
Narsha's up for the challenge.
- Come on.
- Isn't it too big?
- Be careful.
- Don't forget to chew.
My goodness.
(Biting)
Are you sure about this?
- Narsha...
- Why make her do this?
I didn't. It actually was for me.
We're not using this so...
It's like she only has this chance to eat.
Why would you do that?
Make sure you chew.
- It was for me.
- We can eat together.
- Is he eating too?
- Yes, of course.
There's really a lot.
We've never eaten like this.
- Guys.
- This is amazing.
- No way.
- This is great.
- Who made the jjigae?
- I did.
Really?
(Kimchi jjigae to refresh their palates)
- Here we go.
- Are you sure?
Gosh, it's good.
Good job, Dong Gu.
(The spicy jjigae calls for steamed rice.)
This is amazing.
- Did you add canned tuna?
- It's good.
Yes, I did.
- I hate canned tuna.
- Then don't eat it.
- Gosh.
- Let me have it then.
Wait a second. I'll manage around it.
- I see you're full.
- He must be.
That's why it tastes good.
- Is that ramyeon?
- Ramyeon?
- Ramyeon, let's go.
- Coming right up!
Why are the staff being so nice to us?
- The sauce is like...
- Jong Min.
Hello, sir.
- I just stopped by.
- Are you hungry, sir?
Come on over.
Ma'am!
- Give me one.
- Narsha.
Yes?
Is that how you greet your father?
- Dad!
- You weren't like this.
- Open up.
- That's a big one.
(He eats Ha Ra's lettuce wrap.)
- We sure are a big group.
- Isn't it delicious?
We're now making ramyeon.
- Please enjoy.
- Of course.
(Chae Yeon brings Defconn a wrap.)
My gosh. Thank you.
You should make him a lettuce wrap too.
Right.
Go ahead and eat.
Chae Yeon!
(Chae Yeon!)
(What's going on?)
(The two come up with a plan.)
I don't know where it went to.
(Dong Gu provides Cheongyang chili.)
(We should add in minced garlic.)
(She gets some that's
right next to Defconn.)
(This'll be fun.)
I'm slightly jealous though.
- Right?
- He's a lucky man.
We rarely get fooled.
- Chae Yeon!
- How can he not eat it?
Of course.
Have fun then.
Thank you.
- Enjoy the food too.
- Thank you.
Sure.
- It'll get mushy soon.
- Of course.
- Here you go.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- Good job!
We can do it!
- Right.
- Well...
(Why aren't you leaving?)
- This I should say.
- What is it?
- One...
- One Night...
- Two...
- That's right.
- Say it with me.
- Over there, sir.
One...
- Two!
- It's One Night.
You should say Night. One!
- Night.
- Two.
- Days!
- Yes.
- Yes!
- I wish you the best.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
- Look at that.
- It's rice.
What a feast.
(Chae Yeon delivers a bowl to each.)
It's better with Cheongyang chili in it.
- It's refreshing.
- I know.
I bet it's spicy.
It's really good though.
My stomach's about to burst.
I know I'm full, but I can't help it.
(Ramyeon isn't the end though.)
What's that?
It's really good.
He watches "Men in Black".
I must've eaten too many lettuce wraps.
Look, peaches.
(They're as big as pears.)
Aren't those pears? Should we peel them?
Bring it to your face.
- Gosh.
- No way.
- It's as big as her head.
- Hers is tiny.
I haven't seen peaches that big before.
Look at Tae Hyun peeling those.
- Right.
- Are you sure about this?
Here you go. Have this.
Why are you doubting me when I never did?
Here you go.
- I'm trusting you.
- Sure.
- You should.
- Of course you should.
I didn't add any chilies.
I didn't do anything funny.
(He laughs suspiciously.)
- What's wrong?
- Chae Yeon!
What did he add?
I just put in a lot of garlic.
- Is there an extra knife?
- Defconn.
How could you do that to her?
- Unbelievable.
- How could you?
- She's only a girl.
- She's barely 20.
She's crying.
(Crying)
Her breath reeks of garlic.
- Unbelievable.
- No way.
It'll chase away cancer.
- What?
- How could you?
I only put in a little.
I guess you went overboard again.
I'm really sorry.
It's because his first
love didn't work out.
(He doesn't understand women at all.)
The peaches are like mangoes.
They're delicious.
- They're extremely juicy.
- No way.
It's from the elders.
Look at the color. They're almost golden.
They're really big.
This is the best.
I haven't had better peaches before.
It's amazing.
- Here.
- My gosh.
- Do you want more?
- This is incredible.
Amazing.
Unbelievable.
It's to die for.
This is the best out of everything today.
- It's like pudding.
- It melts in your mouth.
Doesn't it disappear?
(Everyone's mesmerized.)
- How can this be?
- This is impossible.
This is delicious.
You wouldn't believe it.
(Ha Ra delivers it herself.)
- It's delicious.
- Who else wants it?
It's really good.
Do you want some?
- Really?
- Here.
(She hands out a slice to everyone.)
(Her heart is as sweet as the peaches.)
Look at Ha Ra.
We should just eat it.
- Let's try it out.
- Right.
(Joon Ho gets one ready for someone.)
Is there a smaller one?
It's impossible to not eat any.
- Everything was great.
- When they're sliced...
(He spots the clueless Ha Ra.)
Don't sell yourself short
and have a proper slice.
- Here.
- I like this better.
She's right. The ends are sometimes better.
(Ha Ra, watch out!)
He sprinkled salt on it.
(Oh no...)
I can't believe she actually ate it.
No way.
- Help her.
- It's way too salty.
- Spit it out.
- Give her a tissue.
It's dangerous to eat that.
- How could you?
- Spit it out.
- Ha Ra!
Unbelievable!
- How could you?
- My gosh.
- You're unbelievable.
- You gave her salt.
(Joon Ho is the worst.)
- It's so good.
- I knew something was up.
Write mean comments, and I'll sue you.
I'll sue you.
(Laughing)
I'll take action against every one of them.
Every one of them.
We won't stop you.
That was hilarious.
Should I get the grapes?
Do we have grapes too?
Get the grapes!
Let's play rock-paper-scissors then.
I'll just rinse them.
Ha Ra's the best.
She's good in the kitchen.
(Once they are rinsed, )
(they're pulled off from the stem.)
(Rinse again and they sparkle like gem.)
- Good job.
- Look at that.
- They're pretty.
- They're like gems.
(Rinse again and they sparkle like gem.)
- Which one?
- Joon Ho, can you catch?
Of course.
He's good at that.
Really?
In 1, 2, 3.
(Goal in!)
Did he really catch it?
Be careful.
No way.
He comes from the zoo.
- What?
- He's so good at this.
Unbelievable.
- That's right.
- Hold on a second.
He's good at these things.
In 1, 2, 3.
(Was it good luck the first time?)
(Well?)
(That's pure talent.)
- No way.
- What did I tell you?
What is this?
Salt and sesame oil.
(Salt and sesame oil)
(Payback!)
No way.
He almost swallowed it hole.
That's what you get.
This is for Shin Young.
(Take that!)
What comes around goes around.
- See?
- That was unbelievable.
They aren't big, but they're so juicy.
- It's so good.
- Right.
- My gosh.
- They're so sweet.
I know.
Aren't they extremely juicy?
They're so sweet!
You should all eat one too.
Come on and join us.
(Smiling)
Look at Ha Ra.
(Ha Ra's at your service.)
My gosh.
Would you look at that?
She's like a fruit store owner.
Since she's handing out
to those over there,
they've all gone over to that side.
They're all gravitating towards her.
Look at how they're getting in line.
Even them.
He's too shy to hold up his chin.
(Although he's shy, he doesn't resist.)
They're opening up their mouths...
before she's even there.
Isn't that weird?
- They can't wait.
- Since when?
I can't believe they're all opening up.
Tell me about it.
Seong just came out of nowhere.
He came running.
Where were you just now?
- Well...
- How about this?
How about this?
Excuse me.
(Shut it!)
Goodness. Did you see that?
(Joon Ho, here you go!)
Unbelievable.
That's enough.
Ms. Koo really knows how to run the place.
- She really does.
- Thank you.
Her parents own an orchard.
Yes, it's in Bundang.
Isn't that right?
Do you think I'm blind?
(I can see you.)
(Embarrassed)
How stupid do you think I am?
He hasn't lost his appetite just yet.
Did you see her just now?
(Ha Ra was too obvious.)
Didn't you see that our eyes locked too?
Unbelievable.
I thought you wouldn't see that.
(He's dumbfounded.)
- Don't though.
- She's still that upset.
Chae Yeon saved these for Shin Young.
Now bring me salt.
What?
- No, don't.
- Go on.
- Don't do that.
- Why not?
Anyway, thank you, Chae Yeon.
- That's right.
- Go, Chae Yeon!
(Chae Yeon, thank you.)
Nice!
(They enjoyed a feast thanks to her.)
She's a lucky charm.
("Sleeping Indoors or Outdoors")
Shin Young.
- This is for you.
- What's that?
Take a look.
(Ha Ra brings her what Chae Yeon saved.)
They're delicious.
- Is it still fresh?
- Of course.
- They're delicious.
- You taste it first.
Sure thing.
(Ha Ra tastes the food first.)
She sure is quick-witted.
I would've ate the fruit without thinking.
(Isn't there any meat?)
- Have you had dinner?
- Isn't it good?
Chae Yeon saved these for you.
Really?
That's sweet of you.
(We ate all the meat though.)
Shin Young.
Defconn, I'm back.
We missed you.
Did you know we won first place?
(We won first place.)
- We won first place.
- Really?
- Of course.
- Nice.
Eolssu!
Where's Jong Min, the Fart King?
He went to take a dump.
Did you know this?
He started farting as soon
as you were all gone.
- Who did?
- Jong Min.
- He must've held it in.
- Normally he doesn't.
- I see.
- I was really surprised.
He can fart on cue.
It's time for tea.
(They were alone 10 minutes ago.)
There you go.
(In this case, tea is his farts.)
He starts farting now that we're alone.
Jong Min's back.
Jong Min, hurry up.
(Jong Min, hurry up.)
(Ha Ra, I'm coming!)
(His steps are lighter
after taking a dump.)
He's so annoying.
(The gang is back together.)
You two are unbelievable.
Your head is twice the size of Ha Ra's.
Shouldn't his efforts get at least...
a smile from Ha Ra?
He changed clothes twice,
showered and brushed his teeth.
Ha Ra doesn't hate him though.
I feel like she's had enough of him.
I bet I'm the first of my kind.
(Laughing)
Since it's already quite late,
we should get into it right away.
For today's "Sleeping Indoors or Outdoors",
we'll play "Today Is Girl's Day,".
"Save Gyeong Ree and Narsha."
And I.
No way!
(Goosebumps)
Unbelievable.
Girl's Day?
The song sounds like DIA.
- Right.
- We're all in there.
What about Yu Ra?
- You didn't say her name.
- Girl's Day.
I said Girl's Day instead.
She's a member of Girl's Day.
We'll be partnering up once again...
and play three games in total.
The winners of each game...
will sleep indoors at Driver Lee's house.
The rest will sleep outdoors at...
the camp site.
Where?
The place we ate?
- Yes.
- We're sleeping there?
That's right.
- It's not bad.
- My gosh.
Tell me you're lying.
The first game is "The Gyeong Ree".
"The Gyeong Ree"?
- What?
Do we have to salute?
Can you guess what game it'll be?
- What is she good at?
- Just like her name,
- she's good with numbers.
- Right.
- Dancing sexily?
- You got it.
You'll be doing sums in your head.
- Oh no.
- I'm bad at that!
(The teams will decide where to sit.)
(They'll be asked in the order.)
(The objective is to...)
(answer correctly and in 3 seconds.)
(The questions will get harder each round.)
Where we sit is most important.
That's right. Let's play
rock-paper-scissors.
It's best to sit next to someone stupid.
(Next to someone stupid)
(I'm not as stupid as I was.)
I'm going to sit next to Jong Min then.
Let's decide who sits where.
I entered an arithmetic competition once.
(Arithmetic?)
Even the ceiling lights makes a plus sign.
Let's decide who sits where then.
Since I need to play the game to,
we have invited a referee...
to make sure everything's fair.
It's been a while.
(Kwon Gi Jong, Referee)
It's hard to have him as a referee now...
since he's actually become an actor.
- Really?
- Of course.
"The Best Hit".
- That's right.
Who are you?
(He appeared on the series "The Best Hit".)
(His uniform says it all.)
- I'm not sure.
- He wants some water.
Really?
(He utilized his character
on One Night Two Days.)
You're out!
Let's decide where everyone sits first.
Shin Young's the MC, so
we'll sit in the middle.
- Okay.
- Good.
The rest will play rock-paper-scissors.
No, we're all playing rock-paper-scissors.
- But I'm the MC.
- Rock-paper-scissors.
What? Gosh, I'm sorry about that.
The members of One Night Two Days...
will play rock-paper-scissors.
- Since we start from...
- We'll start from there.
- That's the worst spot.
- Raise your hand.
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
(Everyone put out scissors but Joon Young.)
Joon Young!
- Just stay there.
- You can stay there.
- Rock-paper-scissors.
(Jong Min goes to the second spot.)
- Okay.
- You lost.
- I put out scissors.
- No, you didn't.
- You lost.
- Let me play once more.
- Get lost.
- Go to your spot.
- What a good job.
- She's kicking him.
It's going well.
Rock-paper-scissors.
- Yes!
- It's me.
Yes.
- I love this spot.
- Here?
It's a good spot.
It's good for us.
Rock-paper-scissors.
Yes!
- Have a seat.
- Thanks.
- We made it.
- Yes.
Now, let's start with Joon Young's team.
It doesn't seem to be his day today.
He's unlucky these days.
(I'm not alone.)
Whoever knows the answer can answer.
(They fail if one of them
says the wrong answer.)
If both say the answer and
one's answer is wrong,
they still fail.
- Okay.
- Here we go.
49 plus 4 is?
- 53.
- Correct.
57 plus 4 is?
- 61.
- Correct.
24 plus 5 is?
- 29.
- Correct.
19 plus 9 is?
- 28.
- Correct.
47 plus 7 is?
- 54.
- Correct.
33 plus 8 is?
- 41.
- Incorrect.
- Why?
- How can it be 41?
- He said, "33 plus 8".
- Wasn't it "33 plus 8"?
33 plus...
(Listen carefully.)
He said the question wrong. You are right.
(What?)
Sir.
You sleep outdoors.
How difficult is it to simply read?
I've become farsighted these days.
I think it's time for you to retire.
I knew he was doing too well.
I know.
The letters are too small.
- He's showing it to us.
He said the letters are small.
All right.
He looks so sad.
Is it getting harder?
Yes. This time, it's going
to be a little harder.
- Okay.
- Please be easy on us.
Here we go.
23 plus 45 is?
Time over.
- 68.
- Time over.
- You're out.
You're out.
It was too late.
- 23 plus 45 is?
- 68.
- Correct.
(He's quite smart.)
(See? I entered an arithmetic contest.)
32 plus 51 is?
32... What?
- Out.
- You're out.
(They couldn't say a word.)
It's difficult.
- 32 plus 51 is?
84.
- Wrong.
- It's 3, not 4.
You're out.
- 32 plus 51 is?
- 83.
- Correct.
Okay.
19 plus 67 is?
88.
Wrong.
- Who are the losers?
- Wait a minute.
Many teams have failed just now, right?
They all failed at the same time.
I can't hear what they're saying.
Those who will sleep indoors, come out.
Whichever team answers
the question first wins.
- The one who says...
- Whoever says it first.
The answer first will sleep indoors. I see.
Good.
You focus on the last number.
I'll on the first.
- Then I can't add them.
- Right.
Right, you need to add them.
- Let's go.
- Let me start.
- Okay.
Can you do it?
- 278 plus 19 is?
292.
290... Was it 78?
295.
Wrong.
- 293.
I know. 296.
Let me give you another one.
478 plus 42 equals?
- Could you say it again?
- 478 plus 42 equals?
Hang on a second.
500.
510...
- 510...
- 512.
500.
- 510...
510. 510.
Wrong.
- 510...
- Let's do it again.
- Give us another one.
- Let's start over.
Give us another one.
- 520.
- It's 521.
- Next question.
Give us another question.
Another question.
- 520!
Let's start over.
Sir!
- What are you doing?
- Sir.
Sir, give us another question.
Give us another question.
- The time was over.
- Okay.
Be quiet.
- 453 plus 24 equals?
- 492!
- Incorrect.
Well...
- 400...
It's 470 and something.
- 475.
- Wrong.
477.
- 476.
478.
- 470...
477.
- 475.
476.
477!
- 8!
- What's wrong with you?
- What are you doing?
(It's become a mess again.)
- Is this an auction?
Is this an auction?
- Are you at an auction?
It looks like an auction.
This is not an auction.
I asked if this was an auction.
- We already told you.
- What?
(If one of them says the
wrong answer, they fail.)
Excuse me. You'd better
know the exact rules.
- Keep the rule in mind.
- Let's start over.
- Think before you say.
This is really hard.
My gosh.
It's hard to add numbers with three digits.
You need to have good hearing for this.
Jong Min is so smart.
Jong Min will be so sad if he loses.
(Jong Min has been saying
the correct answers.)
(But Ha Ra has been saying
the wrong answers.)
(Could he sleep indoors tonight?)
(From now on, whoever says
the answer first wins.)
189 plus 56 equals?
It equals 244.
Wrong.
- 245.
- Correct!
- Yes!
We did it!
(Defconn and Shin Young
win "The Gyeong Ree".)
Yes!
Awesome.
(The winner's ceremony)
Come on!
(Her feet are as nimble
as a soccer player.)
(Laughing)
(They mess with Jong Min.)
You were good.
They have a good teamwork.
- Good job.
- It was close.
- That was really close.
- It was funny.
We beat them by one point.
You guys were so funny.
Ha Ra.
Ha Ra, why did you keep saying 476?
It's 477.
Second place is meaningless.
- Good job.
- All right.
The winners of "The Gyeong Ree" are...
Defconn and Shin Young.
Give them a big hand.
"Today Is Girls' Day..."
("Today is Girls' Day.")
- I'm sorry.
- What did you say?
Watch your pronunciation.
I'm really sorry.
- "Girls' Day"?
"Today Is Girl's Day,."
"Save Gyeong Ree and Narsha."
(And I)
The second game is "Fly Narsha".
Yes!
(Each team member plays one after another.)
(They should run toward and
blow out the candles.)
(The number of blown out
candles will be counted.)
(The team that blows the
most candles out wins.)
You can do whatever you want in this area.
Can one jump and flip?
- What do you mean by...
- A triple axel.
- Can I do a triple axel?
- Jump and...
Let's go. Who's first?
Let's give Jong Min a chance.
Let me tell you who starts...
the game, "Fly Narsha".
It's Joon Ho's team.
Don't you have to respect elderly?
- There's no such a rule.
- You start.
Sir, you start.
- I start?
- Yes, you can start.
Come and help me.
- I don't feel well.
- Where's his top?
(Come on.)
You said you don't feel any pain.
(You don't feel pain?)
- Good. Joon Ho and...
- Joon Ho. Don't mess up.
- You shouldn't mess up.
- Narsha will start.
Don't try to be funny. We must not mess up.
Don't try to be funny. Be serious.
He's not trying anything. That's how he is.
- I'm nervous.
- I think he'll blow five.
Joon Ho. Watch out for your lung.
- Take off your hat.
- Watch your tailbone.
Take off your glasses.
Joon Ho, tailbone.
Here we go.
- Go for it.
- I think he'll do good.
Watch your tailbone.
Be careful.
(Fly like a butterfly.)
(Sting like a bee.)
(The result is?)
14.
You blew out a lot.
- 14.
I knew you'd do better
once the game starts.
- We should use our body.
- It should be quick.
Yes, it should be quick.
Narsha used to be good at games.
She looks good in hanbok.
She's good at this kind of game.
(Focused)
- Let me start.
- Go for it.
Fly, Narsha!
Let's go!
(The candles in the middle are all off.)
- They all revived.
- How many?
Why did they revive?
8.
- 8.
They blew 22 candles out.
They're currently leading.
22 is not bad.
I should have blown more than 10 candles.
Next up is Dong Gu. He's
very horrible with games.
Dong Gu is a clumsy man.
- Let me start.
- Let's go.
You can do it!
I wonder how many candles he will blow out?
He's so serious.
One should be quick.
If he stumbles, he will mess up.
Let's go. Jump in!
That's not how you do it.
That's not the way you jump.
- Jump in!
- It's not how you do it.
(The candles are lit again.)
Oh no.
1, 2, - 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6, and 7.
- 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7.
- It's 7.
- He put out 7 candles.
Now you see why he's Dumb Gu, right?
He shouldn't have been so serious.
- Why is he so serious?
- He's always serious.
He even put out less candles than me.
See? He's Dumb Gu.
- All right.
- Yu Ra of Girl's Day.
Next up is Yu Ra of Girl's Day.
Yu Ra is the tallest member of Girl's Day.
She even has her legs insured.
Insurance on her legs?
- Am I right?
- Yes.
I pay 30 dollars per
month for the insurance.
- Insurance on her legs?
- 30 dollars a month.
If she scratches her leg,
she'll get 30,000 dollars.
Yu Ra!
After Kim Tae Hee...
(She's wasting her precious legs.)
- She looks motivated.
- Look. She's tough.
- Go easy on it.
- She's ready.
Look at her face.
She's scary.
- It's terrifying.
- She's so serious.
She looks like a bull.
There comes a bull.
(What's so important
about sleeping indoors?)
- Here I come!
- All right.
Action!
- She's running.
- Go!
Oh no!
(Yu Ra almost flew.)
Yu Ra is supporting Dong Gu.
All right.
- 1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, - 9, 10, 11,
11, - 11.
- And 12!
- It's 12.
They put out 19 candles in total.
Their record is 19.
We're still in first place.
- You almost flew.
- I know.
Did I look like a flying squirrel, Defconn?
No, you are too big.
(Laughing)
- A big squirrel.
- It's Tae Hyun.
- It's Tae Hyun's turn.
- Tae Hyun.
Tae Hyun is a little slow.
- Really?
- Yes.
And he slept outdoors most of the time.
- That's Tae Hyun.
- He mostly sleeps out.
He's most likely to sleep outdoors.
(He rehearses it.)
That wasn't so bad.
(Shouting)
Look. Gyeong Ree is so competitive now.
- She let herself down.
- She's carried away.
Here I go.
(Would the practice pay off?)
- What was that?
- Goodbye.
- Oh no.
- Look at that.
- It turns out I was good.
- Let me count.
1, 2, 3, 4...
(Excited)
5, 6...
- 5, 6...
7, 8, and 9.
- 7, 8, and 9.
It's 9.
- 9 candles.
- Is it 7?
- It's 9.
That's not that bad.
- I thought it'd be more.
- Not bad.
I'll put out all the candles.
The members of "Invincible
Youth" are so competitive.
- I'm ready.
- Will she save Tae Hyun?
- Let's go.
- Gosh.
- Was it good?
- Excellent.
- That looks good.
- That was nice.
- She's good.
- We'll see.
- I'm coming.
- Start.
Isn't it too far? We should make it closer.
(Laughing)
She did it with her voice.
The candles went out as the floor vibrated.
(Giggling)
How many candles?
(It's like the roaring of a lion.)
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
- 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
- It's only 5.
- She put out 5 candles.
- Their record is 14.
- What was that?
(They're still in first place.)
- It's almost over.
- It's almost guaranteed.
- But they are strong.
- Look at them.
Ha Ra is tying her hair back.
Jong Min used to be a gymnast.
But he doesn't know much about it.
- Just do it.
- Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
He's ready.
It's not as easy as you think.
(What?)
(The end)
What was that?
- He's so...
- That was lame.
- That was ridiculous.
- I knew it.
- I know you're good.
- What was that?
Did he do that on purpose?
Please give him one more chance.
- One more chance.
- No way.
That's impossible.
- Please.
- Just one more chance.
All right. Let me be clear about this.
I saw him hesitate when he did a run-up.
"Should I win or make people laugh?"
He looked very weird when he jumped.
All right. Save Kim Jong Min.
He's strict.
She has heavy pressure on her shoulders.
She has to put out 23 candles.
23 candles? That's easy.
(Frustrated)
Ha Ra.
- She kicked him.
- Gosh.
I understand how she feels.
- I'm ready.
- Good luck.
- You'll see.
- She'll fly.
(Surprised)
Look at that.
(Running fast)
What just happened?
If I could rate her jump, I'd give her 10.
(A long run-up and strong landing)
(Jump score 10)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...
8, 9, 10, 11, 12, - 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
- And 13.
- She put out 13 candles.
(It means Jong Min put out zero candles.)
- She's amazing.
- Their score is 13.
She's in first place in the women's league.
Respect. I respect her.
If we beat Joon Young's team,
we'll sleep indoors.
If Joon Young fails to put
out 10 candles, we'll win.
I'll never give up.
(He looks like an anchovy
flapping in the wind.)
Good luck.
You should do that. That's right.
All right. They're the last team.
Okay.
He's ready.
- He's ready.
- He's good at this.
- How did you jump here?
- If you put out...
That's right. Actually he's quite timid.
- He's right.
- He's a coward.
He wasn't good at the baseball game.
- Really?
- I remember that.
(Meet the Baseball Fans Special)
(He was afraid to jump, so he just slid.)
I'm sorry.
(It's proven that he's a coward.)
- I'm ready.
- He's ready.
(Would he be different today?)
- He looks good.
- He needs 15 candles.
(Shocked)
(Clapping like a seal)
(What just happened?)
- 1, 2, 3...
- He needs 15 candles.
(It's the best.)
(The coward anchovy has
become a flying fish.)
(Fly, Joon Young.)
(He brags about it without looking back.)
(I'm the genius.)
1, 2, 3, 4...
(This isn't good.)
17, 18, 19, 20,
21, 22, 23, and 24.
- He put out 24 candles.
- He's in 1st place.
They get to sleep indoors.
Joon Young and Chae Yeon.
(They are in second place
which is useless.)
(Devastated)
Hey, Joon Young.
You should've gone first.
Joon Young gave me hope.
Joon Young flapped the skirt like this.
Chae Yeon's giving a celebration ritual.
- A celebration ritual.
- Let's do that.
- Joon Young, help her.
- Go easy on it.
- All right.
- This is fun.
It's a celebration ritual
for their victory.
Chae Yeon.
- Let's do this.
- I'm ready.
- Okay. She's ready.
- What?
She already started running.
- I'm ready.
- Okay.
(Running lightly)
(Flopping)
(What did I just do?)
What just happened?
How many is that?
- 1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
- 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.
She's in first place in the women's league.
(Chae Yeon is number one female player.)
- She's in first place.
- They're the winner.
- Hey.
- They win anyway.
They put out 38 candles in total.
All right. The winners...
of the second game, "Fly Narsha"...
are Joon Young and Chae Yeon.
(Joon Young and Chae Yeon
get to sleep indoors.)
- Congratulations.
- This is the last game.
All right. We have only one game left.
- Only one team left.
- Really?
Joon Young and I won.
What if Tae Hyun wins?
Each game...
Gosh, it's happening again? It's Neubdari.
Gosh, I'm sick of it now.
The third game is...
"Save My Partner".
- Save my partner.
- Save Ha Ra.
(Sit face to face on a spinning pole.)
(Hit the opponent with
a pillow to fall off.)
(If all four fall off,
get back on quickly.)
Tae Hyun is good at this.
He's good at holding out.
We did it on a pole. Where is the pole?
I want you to stand up.
That's... Are you storing energy?
- It's a performance.
- A performance?
All right. That's good.
Isn't it against the rule?
("Save My Partner")
Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree
versus Joon Ho and Narsha.
Who sits in the front?
- Girls sit in the front.
- Let's go one by one.
- Hold this.
- Excuse me. Lady first.
Hold the pole.
- I'm tired.
- Hold it.
- Well...
- Lady first. Narsha.
- All right.
- Good.
(Groaning)
Narsha, you can't do that.
- I'm sorry.
- We had an accident.
- It hurts.
- You can't go like that.
What should I do then?
You should put your leg up on it first.
- I see. Legs first.
- I'll hold you.
Joon Ho, hold her legs.
- That's good.
- All right.
You should hold her.
- She has long legs.
- Gosh.
It's not easy for her.
- It's not easy to get on.
- My legs hurt.
- Dong Gu, hold this.
- You're funny.
Get on it now.
How can I get on it?
(Everyone is seated.)
- Where's the pillow?
- Careful.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
- No.
- Joon Ho.
There's a toilet in front of me.
- He's a spy.
When will we start?
Come on, Joon Ho. I'm getting tired.
Please end the game quickly.
I don't want to look at
his buttocks anymore.
My gosh.
I thought it was a pillow.
- It startled me.
- A pillow.
It's as plump as a pillow.
What is he doing?
Excuse me.
(Passing gas)
- No!
- Did he just fart?
What's the matter with you?
Why would you do that?
(He needs a good spanking.)
- My gosh.
- Seriously.
This game isn't good for my bowels.
Do a better job, please.
(That's enough.)
Ready.
- You need to move fast.
- We're doomed.
(Start)
- Is this good?
- Yes.
(Tae Hyun attacks first.)
(Narsha counterattacks.)
(After exchanging a swing)
- There you go.
- Joon Ho, look.
(Meanwhile, Joon Ho...)
Move. Don't just watch them.
(just looks on as they fight.)
You're going to lose.
(It looked like he's finally active.)
He's hitting Narsha.
Why are you hitting Narsha?
Joon Ho!
It's 3 against 1.
(It's somehow 3 against 1.)
You can do it!
(Shaking)
He's shaking it.
(Falling together)
(He looks like a cicada.)
(The team who gets back on first wins.)
(Gyeong Ree gets on first.)
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree win.)
- Tae Hyun!
- Tae Hyun's team wins!
It worked!
(I told you it's not my game.)
Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree
move on to the finals.
(They move on to the finals.)
Next.
Gosh, this match will be fierce.
Ha Ra and Jong Min...
versus Dong Gu and Yu Ra.
- It's too high...
- Dong Gu and Yu Ra.
- To get on.
- Jong Min.
Gyeong Ree just has long legs.
(Ha Ra gets on it at once.)
It's easier to get on the right side.
(Proud)
- Let's see.
- Oh, boy.
Get up there.
I'll help you.
- Yu Ra.
- I'll help you.
- Get up there.
- Yu Ra.
It's okay.
- I'll try it from here.
- It's okay.
I'll try again from this side.
See? It's easier from this side.
(She finally gets on it.)
It's easier to get on it from this side.
Gosh, Dong Gu.
- That was quick.
- Mr. Gymnast.
(Will Jong Min succeed as well?)
(He wouldn't be Cheerful Fool if he did.)
(He's hilarious.)
It's because there is no take-off board.
I can do Thomas flairs.
Thomas what?
- Thomas flairs?
- It's a gymnastics term.
(This is what Thomas flairs looks like.)
(This is an original Cheerful Fool flair.)
That's enough.
This is the Thomas flair.
(It makes everyone laugh.)
That's an old move.
- This is Thomas flair.
- All right.
- Stop it.
- It's been so long.
They look nice.
It's like a group blind date.
Look at Dong Gu's rolled up sleeves.
Look at his muscles.
- His muscles.
- Look at Jong Min.
Ready.
This is going to be fun.
(They hold the bar so the
game won't end quickly.)
What are you doing?
- Ha Ra is doing good.
- She's steady.
Ha Ra and Dong Gu are good.
(He protects Yu Ra with his arm.)
He's a gentleman.
- All right.
- We'll let go now.
- We're letting it go.
- Here we go.
(They all fall down together.)
Hurry up.
It's rolling.
What a mess.
- Hurry up.
- It's rolling.
(Rolling)
(They have no sense of balance.)
No one is up on the bar yet.
The game hasn't ended yet.
No pushing.
Oh, boy.
(Stumbling)
(They fall again.)
The bar spins again.
(Chaotic)
(He claps with his feet.)
(While Ha Ra and Yu Ra are struggling, )
(Jong Min is doing the Thomas flair.)
(Yu Ra gets on the bar panting heavily.)
The winners are Yu Ra and Si Yoon!
- Hey.
- Jong Min did nothing.
It looks like Yu Ra had a UFC match.
Seriously. She was even...
(She was on fire.)
That was amazing.
(It was a good game.)
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree
versus Dong Gu and Yu Ra)
Listen up, everyone.
- I think I can do this.
- I have an announcement.
- Go ahead.
- It's past 2am now.
- Oh, my.
- Really?
Yes, it's too late to go
to Driver Lee's house.
(They have to sleep here.)
(Final match)
Ready.
Tae Hyun. If you win,
our team wins again.
You have to beat them.
- You have to.
- I will.
- Let's get it.
- I'll beat them.
- Please do.
- I don't think he can.
- Let's go!
- Beat Tae Hyun.
- Let's go.
Beat them, Dong Gu. Work out your muscles.
She made two straight hits!
- That's right.
- Goodness.
(Aren't you being too violent?)
Joon Young, let go. We're letting it go.
Joon Young, let go.
(Dong Gu hangs on to it.)
(Tae Hyun hangs on to it too.)
(Whoever gets back on it first will win.)
Gyeong Ree won.
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree win by a hair.)
(Dong Gu and Yu Ra lose.)
That was close.
- We won!
- I'm sorry.
Tae Hyun!
You're the hope of middle-aged men.
I can't believe you won.
Now, we've decided who
will get to sleep indoors.
Today is Girl's Day.
Save Gyeong Ree and Narsha.
And I - It's painful.
Those who will sleep indoors are...
me, Defconn,
Tae Hyun, Gyeong Ree,
Joon Young, and Chae Yeon.
We're lucky.
We're sleeping outdoors again.
Let me tell you what the
morning mission is.
Here is tomorrow's morning mission.
When you hear the morning song,
pick up a megaphone and
get on the bus together.
If you don't get on the
bus within five minutes,
you'll get a penalty.
Great work, everyone.
- Thank you.
Good night.
- Good night.
And I - I'm sleeping outdoors.
Will always love you.
I should wash my face.
(Let's get washed up.)
My face is so red.
(At the end of a long day)
Are you taking the before and after shot?
This is my face without makeup.
I've removed the makeup.
(Shin Young is cleansing her face too.)
(Thorough)
(For their tired skin after a long day, )
(they remove all the makeup.)
(Get some rest now.)
(This feels good.)
(Feeling refreshed)
I look pure, right?
Will you brighten my face?
(If you want.)
Will you?
Gosh, I look so innocent.
(Absolutely innocent)
I look so innocent.
Thank you, everyone.
Thanks to you, I'm sleeping indoors.
- I owe it to you.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry, but who are you?
- Good night.
- What? I still look good.
Good night, Shin Young.
- Good night.
- That's Jeong Ree.
Jeong Ree.
- "Jeong Ree"?
Or is it Chun Li?
(I will ignore him.)
Are those infrared cameras?
Yes, they are.
Is the screen fluorescent then?
- That's right.
- They're infrared.
(Amazed)
(For the fans of DIA)
(Good night, guys.)
- Look at that.
- It looks so cozy.
It looks so cozy.
It looks cozy.
- It's cold.
- Seriously.
Is this okay, Ha Ra?
- It's a bit cold.
- Is it cold?
Yu Ra, sleep here. You're tall.
Okay.
- It kind of feels good.
- I know, right?
It's like we're camping.
We won't get another chance to sleep...
- together like this.
- Right?
I actually lost the game on purpose.
Me too.
- Guys, is it okay?
- Yes.
It's good.
I told you it's nice.
- Hey, Ha Ra.
- Yes?
- It's okay, right?
- I think it's good.
(If you're happy, then I'm happy.)
I'll wake you up tomorrow.
No, I'll wake you up.
(This is nice.)
Is this a midsummer night's dream?
(It's autumn, mister!)
Please play "A Midsummer Night's Dream".
(Crowing)
What was that? A rooster just crowed.
Excuse me. A rooster just crowed.
- What was that?
- A rooster?
A rooster cried.
Good night.
(Just go to sleep already.)
Remember the members. Walk flowery roads.
Remember, remember. Walk flowery roads.
It's "remember the members".
Members remember.
- Excuse me.
- What?
It's "remember the members".
Remember the members?
Remember the members.
- Walk flowery roads.
Good night.
(A tiring day goes by...)
(and fresh morning arrives...)
(in Hongcheon.)
(They're still sleeping.)
(Defconn)
(Gyeong Ree)
(Everyone is fast asleep.)
(People in the tents are
still sleeping too.)
(Guys, )
(it's time to get up.)
(Crowing)
(It's the morning song.)
(They get up right away.)
(Narsha wakes up instantly.)
(The morning song plays indoors too.)
(Wriggling)
(Dong Gu gets up first.)
(Yu Ra, are you up?)
(Yes, I'm up.)
Ha Ra!
Koo Ha Ra!
(Ha Ra...)
(wants to...)
(sleep a little more.)
(Yes, Ha Ra. I understand.)
(I'll sleep a bit more too.)
Hey, Ha Ra.
(Is Joon Ho awake?)
Will you sleep more?
- Joon Ho, wake up.
- Ha Ra.
Wake up.
- You're the only one.
- Ha Ra.
Koo Ha Ra.
(Ha Ra, let's get up now.)
(Gosh)
What's this?
Let's dance.
(Everyone who slept outdoors is up.)
(Shin Young wakes up.)
(All right.)
(Running)
(Defconn, let's go.)
(A couple that's never pretentious)
Why aren't they getting up?
(Defconn and Shin Young are on the bus.)
Why are they taking so long?
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree are up.)
- Wait.
- What?
Where were you?
Bathroom.
I couldn't find you.
- They're here.
- You're up.
Tae Hyun is quick.
Goodness.
The one who's sleeping is Chae Yeon, right?
Yes.
Well...
(Joon Young wakes up.)
Chae Yeon.
(Chae Yeon passed out.)
(Did they say a beauty was a sleepyhead?)
(Get up, Chae Yeon.)
(Power off)
The wake-up mission.
(What will be the hardest mission?)
I really can't get up in the morning.
My ears are shut.
(Her ears are shut.)
(She finally opens her eyes.)
(We aren't late yet.)
Go, go, go.
(Everyone passes the wake-up mission.)
Where are we going?
(A fresh autumn morning)
(It feels like your mind
is being cleansed.)
(This is...)
(Hoengseong Changbongcheon valley.)
(Everyone is gathered together again.)
(Spaced out)
Excuse me, MC.
She's not an MC. She's my sponsor.
She's Mother Kim.
Well,
we are at a valley near
Yuchi-ri, Hongcheon.
The villagers...
Is this a special episode
on four stages of life?
She's my sponsor.
One Night Two Days is known for diving.
- That's right.
- Yes.
(Did you just say...)
(diving?)
(Here?)
Since the members of
"Invincible Youth" are...
- in One Night Two Days...
- Please shout it out.
They'll do the morning diving.
(Welcome to the morning diving!)
- We'll do this.
- We have to do this.
- Let's do this.
- It's...
I'm cold.
It's "2017 Open Your Heart".
("2017 Open Your Heart")
- They should try it.
- Open your heart.
Open it.
It's a nice day for a morning dive.
Only "Invincible Youth" members will do it.
(As long as it's not me!)
- Why?
- Only "Invincible Youth".
Why?
("2017 Open Your Heart")
Start!
(Each member will talk
about what they want.)
You're safe If you finish
between 50 to 60 seconds.
(They need to finish...)
(their speech between 50 to 60 seconds.)
(If they fail, they'll
dive with their partners.)
Do we just dive?
- Yes, you dive in.
- Without talking?
Just dive in.
(Let's see.)
This is it.
(If you fail, you dive.)
(Chae Yeon is up first.)
Chae Yeon, start.
Hello, I'm Chae Yeon of DIA.
Since yesterday, we all spent...
such a fun time together.
I was so happy that I got to travel...
and eat with people.
Thank you for allowing me
these wonderful memories.
I want to travel with my group members too.
Thank you so much for everything.
Thank you. The end!
You should thank more.
- What?
- You should thank more.
I think she got it.
What?
What's wrong? Let me see.
- She did really well.
- Last digits are 22.
Incredible.
- 22.
It's something seconds 22.
She should've talked
more about the members.
- It's 39.22 seconds.
- That's short.
(39.22 seconds)
- Gosh.
- She talked too little.
Couldn't you thank the members more?
- Nothing?
- I feel sorry.
If you were going to dive in anyway...
- Seriously.
- It was too short.
You should've made a long speech.
Chae Yeon never failed before.
Chae Yeon, say something to your members.
Say anything you were upset about.
I love you all.
(I love DIA.)
That's not enough.
"I love you all". That's 40.02 seconds.
That's too bad.
- Next up is Yu Ra.
- Yu Ra.
You can't go over a minute.
Please.
(Yu Ra suddenly starts...)
(grooving.)
- Excuse me. No grooving.
- Wait.
- You can't do that.
- That's not allowed.
- It's not allowed.
(Can I do this?)
- No.
- Grooving is okay.
What do you mean it's okay?
It's okay, right?
(Well, grooving is fine.)
- Get ready.
- Hey.
- Ready, set, go.
- Start.
Hello, I'm Yu Ra of Girl's Day.
I'm so happy that I'm with you all.
I made such great memories yesterday.
You'll keep in contact afterward, right?
- Yes.
- Of course.
- I'm happy.
You have to say "the end".
I'm happy. The end.
(She said "the end" too late.)
- She failed.
- Let's see.
- I told you.
- All right.
You said "the end" a little too late.
I was done when I said "I'm happy."
No, "the end" is the end.
No, "I'm happy" was the end.
Yu Ra, even with "the end" at the end,
you still pass with 59.15 seconds.
(She passed with 59.15 seconds.)
(She finished within the time limit.)
- I did it.
- You made it.
- Now...
- It was 59.15.
Are you serious, Joon Ho?
- It was 59 seconds.
- You made it.
Get started, okay?
I'll go.
Pay attention, everyone.
Why are you moving?
- Joon Ho.
- What are you doing?
- Are you a metronome?
- No, that's cheating.
What's wrong?
(You proved yourself guilty.)
Get ready, set, go.
It's an honor to be here
on One Night Two Days.
All the games were fun.
During my career in entertainment...
I don't think I'll ever play these games...
- with so much fun.
- She speaks well.
It's an award ceremony speech.
- Without any sleep...
- Best Actress Award.
Without any sleep,
our crew members work very hard.
I hope the show continues to be a success.
I'll watch it more to raise...
the viewer ratings.
(Jong Min starts to act strange.)
What is Cheerful Fool doing?
- What about your mom?
- And...
I love you, Mom and Dad.
- Okay.
- The end.
- She finished.
- That's too late.
I tried to tell you.
- We don't know yet.
- What's the time?
- Let's see.
- Wasn't it five minutes?
She could have passed.
However, - Oh, no.
Due to her love for her parents,
she exceeded two seconds.
It's 1 minute 2 seconds.
- My goodness.
- That was close.
She has to talk about her parents.
Talking about her parents
was worth being penalized.
Going in the water isn't important.
Narsha and Ha Ra.
Thank you for coming.
It was 1 minute 5 seconds.
- Gosh.
- That was unfortunate.
- Thank you.
- You failed.
Get ready.
Start.
It was nice to meet you
on One Night Two Days.
It was great.
I think I have to go in the water.
It was 1 minute 0.13 seconds.
- She goes in the water.
- It's confirmed.
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree go in the water.)
It's unfortunate because
she was being sincere.
Do you have something?
- There's not much time.
- Narsha.
- This is hard.
- Everyone, be quiet.
Should I go in the water or be sincere?
Be sincere.
- Be sincere?
- The best is...
not being penalized while being sincere.
She got married not so long ago.
She has many people to thank.
Her in-laws.
You're a member of "Invincible Youth".
- Right.
- To reminisce about it...
- Tell us how you feel.
- Takes 30 minutes.
Right.
30 minutes for "Invincible Youth"...
- and 30 for my husband.
- It's 30 seconds.
30 minutes for my mother-in-law.
It's 30 seconds.
- Let's go.
- Get ready, set, go.
"Invincible Youth".
Dear "Invincible Youth".
I'm happy to be back
here after seven years.
Nothing has changed including all of you.
Thanks to those who still welcome us,
the experience will remain in my heart.
Dear...
- Dear?
- My husband.
- What does it mean?
(Dear Husband)
- My husband.
- Be more emotional.
It's my 1st night away
in 8 months of marriage.
(It's her first night away from home.)
Unfortunately, - Goodness.
My partner is Joon Ho.
It was very difficult.
Her husband must be relieved.
Give me a massage when I get home.
I love you.
- Talk about me now.
- Dear Joon Ho.
(Dear Joon Ho)
It was great to see you.
I have a lot to learn from you,
- but you're a handful.
- Finish it.
It was a fun experience. The end.
The end.
That was amazing. - 1 minute 12 seconds.
We went over by 12 seconds?
(Joon Ho and Narsha go in the water.)
Isn't it cruel?
Team Dong Gu is the only one that passed.
The rest goes in the water.
- That's right.
- Congratulations.
(They enjoy the fresh
morning air in autumn.)
(Shall we go in the water?)
(It's cold.)
(Warming up is necessary.)
- Ha Ra.
- Yes?
- You should stretch.
- I can't think.
Gosh.
- 1, 2, 1, 2.
Let's go.
- 2, 2.
This is what's fun about
One Night Two Days.
If you don't get penalized, it's very fun.
Right. Mine was 59.15 seconds.
Gosh, I can't believe it.
Let's go.
Let's go in.
- Here we go.
- Let's go.
- Go in the water.
(Groaning)
How will we do it?
- We must go in together.
- Goodness.
(It's very cold.)
Gosh, it's very slippery.
- Everyone, is it cold?
- It's slippery.
- Yu Ra.
- Go together.
- Go now.
- It's slippery.
(Screaming is automatic.)
Be careful. It's slippery.
- Come.
- Come in.
- Hurry up.
- Where should I go?
- My goodness.
- It's slippery.
Can you hold her?
What are you doing?
- Here is for the heart.
- Stop it.
Stop it.
(Joon Ho's whole body goes in the water.)
- My goodness.
- Gosh.
What's going on?
It's so funny.
(Going in the water is the best.)
- Wait for me.
- Hurry up.
We can't lose.
Hurry up, Jong Min.
Come here.
- Hurry up.
- Come here.
Come here now.
It's getting windy. Hurry up.
(Screaming)
(It's a big mess.)
Gosh.
Hurry up.
Come on.
(I'm in the water.)
All right.
Let's go in the water like this.
After screaming One Night Two Days,
- let's go in the water.
- Okay.
- One Night...
- Two Days.
Here we go.
(Chae Yeon dives in.)
(Ha Ra goes in as well.)
(Laughing)
(They fully experience going in the water.)
Goodness.
- Hey, stop it.
- Wait.
(It's time to say goodbye to the locals.)
- Goodbye.
- It's so sad.
(It's time to say goodbye to the locals.)
It was too much.
- We made you work hard.
- It's a present for you.
It's a present.
Thank you.
My goodness. Thank you.
- Gosh.
- Thank you.
(The trip was special as
they enjoyed it together.)
(New "Invincible Youth" in Yuchi-ri)
(The precious time will
remain as memories.)
(One Night Two Days and "Invincible Youth")
(The program is produced
by your contribution.)